:orphan: true

.. only:: html or latex

ns-3 DOCSIS module documentation
================================

This is the stand-alone version of the ns-3 DOCSIS module documentation. 


**Disclaimer**

This document is furnished on an "AS IS" basis and CableLabs does not provide
any representation or warranty, express or implied, regarding the accuracy,
completeness, noninfringement, or fitness for a particular purpose of this
document, or any document referenced herein. Any use or reliance on the
information or opinion in this document is at the risk of the user, and
CableLabs shall not be liable for any damage or injury incurred by any person
arising out of the completeness, accuracy, infringement, or utility of any
information or opinion contained in the document.  CableLabs reserves the right
to revise this document for any reason including, but not limited to, changes
in laws, regulations, or standards promulgated by various entities, technology
advances, or changes in equipment design, manufacturing techniques, or
operating procedures.  This document may contain references to other documents
not owned or controlled by CableLabs. Use and understanding of this document
may require access to such other documents. Designing, manufacturing,
distributing, using, selling, or servicing products, or providing services,
based on this document may require intellectual property licenses from third
parties for technology referenced in this document. To the extent this document
contains or refers to documents of third parties, you agree to abide by the
terms of any licenses associated with such third-party documents, including
open source licenses, if any. This document is not to be construed to suggest
that any company modify or change any of its products or procedures. This
document is not to be construed as an endorsement of any product or company
or as the adoption or promulgation of any guidelines, standards, or
recommendations.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   docsis-introduction
   model-overview
   system-configuration
   service-flow-configuration
   docsis-tests
   docsis-references
